[https://nvbugs/6533919][fix] Report unknown stages on stderr with `difflib` near-miss hints, distinguish… (#17065)
NVIDIA/TensorRT-LLM: docs/source/developer-guide/ci-overview.md

`jenkins/L0_Test.groovy` maps stage names to these YAML files.  For A100 the mapping includes:

```groovy
    "A100X-PyTorch-1": ["a100x", "l0_a100", 1, 1],
    "A100X-PyTorch-Post-Merge-1": ["a100x", "l0_a100", 1, 1],
```

The array elements are: GPU type, YAML file (without extension), shard index, and total number of shards. Only tests with `stage: post_merge` from that YAML file are selected when a `Post-Merge` stage runs.

> Stage names are unbracketed, with `Post-Merge` embedded directly in the name. Copy the name exactly as it appears in the Groovy map for both `--stages` below and `--stage-list`: a name without a `*` wildcard is matched exactly, so a stale spelling such as `A100X-Triton-[Post-Merge]-1` silently selects nothing.

Reviewer: The mapping CLI now reports unknown names and close matches on stderr, so this sentence should distinguish it from Jenkins `stage_list` behavior.

```suggestion
Stage names are unbracketed, with `Post-Merge` embedded directly in the name. Copy the name exactly as it appears in the Groovy map. Jenkins `stage_list` matches names exactly, so a stale spelling silently selects nothing. The mapping script `--stages` option reports unknown names and near-match suggestions on stderr.
```
